What's the noise?
Only for your children
Noisy on the street regardless of family face
Cheng He Style
I just want to play the family competition in three days
Give you a good fight
I don't care.
But I'm afraid some people didn't get into the ring
Run away
The family competition in three days
I will definitely participate
Brother, you
It is nothing more than a jumping beam clown who practices qi
What to fear
Pardon me?
Try again.
Enough is enough, and it's not ugly enough?
Fine. Just wait. Go
The old man is discerning
I thought your cake would never heal in this life
I didn't expect you to recover now
But your conflict with Lin Hai today
Real and irrational
Shizi small belly chicken intestine dumb autistic cannon
You embarrassed him today
He will be a cannon in the future
Then I should swallow it
Second elder, my brother is the prince
It was Lin Hai who tried to snatch the throne of the prince
He is guilty of the following
That's not true.
Although the antelope is for the world
But everything must be done with strength
Anyone who can defeat the antelope
You are qualified to sit in this position
That doesn't mean my brother will lose to Lin Yang in the future
Li Hai has now defeated the practice army
And Lin Yang has just learned
If you participate in a family competition
Against Lin Hai
I'm afraid it's only for nothing
Go to practice
Alcohol gives me three days to prepare